[Dijkstra] Add requiredTopLevel guards at the top level (#1263)
IntersectMBO/formal-ledger-specifications: src/Ledger/Dijkstra/Specification/Utxow.lagda.md

1. All needed phase-2 scripts use Plutus language V4.

2. The set of required top-level guards of the top-level transaction and the

>    subtransactions appear in the set of guards at the top-level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The required top-level guards of the top-level transaction and of its
   subtransactions must appear in the top-level guard set.
```
